nobody comes back late at night anymore
they have more security the government
noticed that they were moving into new
areas
that's when things started to get out of
hand
they don't belong yet they're spending
so much money to keep them here
when they could be spending it on other
things at least they're keeping them
separate from us
[Music]
a lot of bad things started to happen
they must just go i don't know where
they go and they must go
we're at the breaking point people are
living in fear
why are you here
why don't you just leave
how do your weapons work
i just want everyone watching this right
now to learn from what has happened
[Music]
you